Home / HR Admin & Policies / 29 Common (and Critical) HR... Contents 
29 Common (and Critical) HR Policies to
Just for you 
Have in Place in 2025
Driving a vehicle without traffic rules is confusing and hazardous. The workplace is no different. Guidelines and
procedures prevent chaos and keep organizations on track.
HR Generalist | Certificate
Written by Andrea Boatman, Andrea Towe 18 minutes read
Program
Reviewed by Paula Garcia
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
As taught in the HR Generalist Certificate Program
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ 4.74 Rating
HR’s role in workplace policies is often misunderstood in a few ways. Some
Subscribe to our
employees see HR as rule enforcers who impose policies without input, while
Weekly Newsletter?
others assume HR exists solely to protect the company, not the workforce. In
reality, HR develops policies to balance business needs with employee rights, First name
ensuring fair treatment, compliance with laws, and a safe, productive
Email
environment.
I'm not a robot
A well-defined set of HR policies and practices allows managers and HR to
Privacy - Terms
make decisions based on business factors and objective criteria rather than
Try it
personal reasons, biases, or prejudices. Without clear and transparent
policies, there is more potential for misunderstanding and conflict. That’s why
every organization must be proactive and prioritize effective HR policy
development.
This article explores what HR policies are and why they’re important, and it
Contents 
outlines 29 examples of HR policies that organizations should have in place.
Just for you 
Contents
What are HR policies? How to write an HR policy
Why are HR policies and Essential elements of an HR
procedures important? policy
HR Generalist | Certificate
HR policy examples FAQ
Program
What are HR policies?
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
HR policies are formal, written frameworks that guide how various
employment-related issues, challenges, and opportunities should be handled
in the workplace. They provide employees with structure and clarity around
expectations related to workplace conduct, standards, and parameters. In
addition, they help ensure that the company’s workforce is treated
consistently while minimizing legal risks.
These guidelines vary by company, industry, state, and country and are
typically included in an employee handbook, standard operating procedures,
and the company intranet. Since they must be followed by all employees, HR
is responsible for ensuring they are communicated effectively and that
employees receive proper training.
Each HR policy focuses on a specific topic or area, typically including:
Description of the subject
Who the policy applies to (e.g., all employees, part-time, full-time,
exempt, non-exempt, etc.)
General guidance around standards and expectations for managers
and employees
Who oversees the policy administration
Consequences for policy violations
Reporting procedures for employees.
HR policies may also include supplemental procedures or detailed steps to
clarify expectations and administration. These rules are not intended to be
punitive but to support the company’s overall HR strategic vision.
Contents 
Developing HR policies is often a collaborative effort between Human
Resources, legal, and other key stakeholders involved in the specific area
Just for you 
being addressed.
Why are HR policies and procedures
important?
HR Generalist | Certificate
HR policies and procedures are indispensable. They provide transparency and
Program
specific guidance to the company’s workforce on what they need to comply
with and how to handle a variety of employment issues.
Policies must address the broad spectrum of employment topics and matters
and make sure that issues are handled promptly and appropriately. For
example, alleged policy violations cannot wait months to be addressed. While AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
some time may be needed to research and investigate, every effort should be
made to address the issue and take necessary action as soon as possible.
Doing so upholds the policy and reduces potential misunderstandings
between employees and managers. Timely response and resolution can also
help mitigate legal risks to the company.
Companies may also periodically be audited on their HR policies by outside
agencies to verify compliance. Suppose an employee files an employment-
related claim that alleges discrimination or harassment. In that case, the
agency that enforces those laws (like the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission or “EEOC”) will most likely ask for a copy of applicable company
policies as part of their investigation.
Vital functions of HR policies and procedures include:
Being a mechanism to help document, communicate, and administer
company-wide standards.
Helping ensure that policy issues or questions are handled in a timely
and sensitive manner.
Providing guidance, fairness, transparency, and consistent treatment in
employment decisions.
Ensuring compliance with federal, state, and other applicable laws and
regulations to protect against employment claims.
Addressing employees’ complaints and grievances and defining how
they can report issues.
Putting a focus on employee needs and desires to enhance employee
engagement. Contents 
Just for you 
“
Policies are the organization’s binding blocks. They
connect strategy, vision, culture, engagement, and
HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
people. Therefore, HR must create policies that
resonate and align with the culture it has set out to
build.
”
Laksh Sharma, HR Subject Matter Expert at AIHR
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
HR policy examples
Following are some examples of common and critical types of HR policies,
along with a brief description of each:
1. At-will employment policy statement
Most employees are hired and employed “at will.” This allows both the
employer and the employee to terminate the employment at any time, as
long as the reason is lawful.
This policy is widely practiced in the U.S. and may have varying regulations on
a state-by-state basis. It is essential to note that while an employer may end
the employment relationship for any reason, it should not be based on a
discriminatory motive such as gender, age, race, or religion.
An at-will employment policy provides both the employer and employee with
flexibility, yet it is essential to familiarize oneself with state-specific
regulations to avoid any unfair practices.
2. Non-discrimination policy
A non-discrimination policy is an essential aspect of any workplace. It is a
formal statement or set of guidelines that declares an organization’s
commitment to treating all individuals fairly and equally, irrespective of
specific protected characteristics or attributes.
Discrimination under the law refers to any unfavorable treatment or action
Contents 
taken against an individual or group based on their membership in a
protected class. This includes hiring, promotions, pay, work assignments,
Just for you 
work schedules, and terminations. Such practices are illegal and can result in
serious consequences for the employer.
Stating and adhering to this policy promotes Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and
Belonging within your organization and ensures the business complies with
relevant anti-discrimination laws and regulations. HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
3. Anti-harassment policy
An anti-harassment policy is crucial to maintaining a safe and comfortable
work environment. Harassment can be defined as any unwelcome conduct
that violates an individual’s dignity or generates an intimidating, hostile,
degrading, humiliating, or offensive environment. This behavior can be
demonstrated physically or verbally and in either a sexual or non-sexual
manner.
The anti-harassment policy should provide guidelines on the reporting of
harassment to HR. It is also essential for HR teams to make sure employees
feel comfortable reporting harassment and that they investigate any claims
and allegations seriously and appropriately.
4. Retaliation policy
Retaliation is a term that refers to any adverse action taken by an employer
against an employee who has reported a violation of workplace policies or
Contents 
laws. Forms of retaliation can include termination or dismissal, exclusion or
isolation, hostile work environment, failing to promote, or any other
Just for you 
discriminatory treatment.
Some countries’ laws prohibit employers from retaliating against their
employees. Employees who feel they have been retaliated against can take
advantage of various reporting options, such as filing a complaint with
Human Resources or taking legal action in a court of law. HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
HR must have a retaliation policy in place to protect employees who exercise
their rights and responsibilities within the workplace and promote ethical
workplace behavior. Enforcing such policies can help promote a safe and fair
work environment for everyone involved.
5. Social media policy AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
Social media has become an integral part of business and many people’s
personal lives. However, companies need to create and enforce social media
policies that protect the reputation of the company and provide guidance for
company accounts.
In research conducted by the Pew Research Center, around half of all full-
time and part-time workers (51%) stated that their workplace enforces rules
on social media usage while working. Additionally, 32% of workers indicated
that their employers have guidelines on how employees should present
themselves on the Internet as a whole, with 63% indicating that their
employer does not enforce such policies.
Ultimately, social media policies can help prevent negative impacts on the
company’s reputation and safeguard against legal liabilities that may arise.
Having a clear and concise social media policy lets employees better
understand how to represent the company on social media platforms,
allowing for a positive and engaging online presence.
6. Work-from-home policy
Numerous organizations have embraced hybrid or fully remote working
arrangements. For those who have, it is crucial to establish a comprehensive
telecommuting policy that conveys guidelines for these situations and helps
sustain consistency, company culture, and employee productivity.
A work-from-home policy should facilitate efficient work by establishing clear
expectations regarding the frequency of working from home and the need to
be in the office. It should also address the needs of remote and hybrid
workers, such as preventing burnout. Contents 
According to a study conducted by Buffer, 63% of remote workers feel
Just for you 
compelled to check emails on weekends, with 34% doing so even while on
vacation. An additional 48% indicated that they often work outside of
traditional work hours.
Microsoft emphasizes work-life balance by encouraging teams to set
boundaries while working from home, limit meetings to 30 minutes, and take HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
regular breaks to step away from tasks and electronic devices during work
hours.
7. International remote work policy
Employers that allow telecommuting need to consider whether this includes
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
remote work from abroad. Even if data security and time difference are not
issues, there are legal and tax implications when employees are residents of
another country.
The University of Washington’s international remote work policy allows
academic personnel to work from countries where it has a registered legal
presence. Remote working from other countries is prohibited.
Generally, an employment relationship is subject to the country’s laws where
employees perform their jobs. This can mean a corporate tax liability, and
that an employer’s termination policy and benefits may not meet the same
standards as local regulations. Some countries may also have immigration
laws that prohibit residents from working for an organization headquartered
overseas.
It is critical for organizations that enable employees to “work from anywhere”
to implement an international remote work policy. It should cover the legal
and tax implications, as well as requirements and guidelines for employees,
such as:
Application and approval process steps
Legal and tax obligations for employees
Included and excluded countries
Limit on how long employees can be located abroad
Protocols for maintaining communication.
8. Workplace violence policy
Contents 
A workplace violence policy is an essential component of any well-functioning
organization. It is paramount to institute a zero-tolerance approach to the
Just for you 
issue. Equally important is defining what constitutes instances of workplace
violence and what items are classified as weapons.
Prohibited behaviors and the potential disciplinary measures for violating the
policy should be clearly outlined. A comprehensive workplace violence policy
helps ensure employees’ safety and wellbeing and creates a healthy and HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
productive working environment.
9. Drug and alcohol policy
A drug and alcohol policy is essential to any workplace safety program. It
establishes the rules and expectations regarding substance use and abuse
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
among employees. The policy must specify the procedures for testing, which
may include random testing, post-incident testing, and reasonable suspicion
testing. Consequences for violating the policy should also be distinctly
outlined.
Depending on the industry, additional policies may be necessary. For
instance, commercial drivers and other Department of Transportation-
enforced workers may have special considerations for their circumstances to
ensure the safety of everyone involved.
10. Recruiting and hiring policies
Recruiting and hiring policies serve as guiding principles while hiring the most
suitable candidates for specific job roles. Hiring and selection policies should
be carefully designed, with detailed guidelines, to support the organization’s
attempt to employ candidates whose education, experience, and skills match
the job requirements.
In addition to this, document retention policies play a crucial role in
maintaining complete employment records after the hiring process is
complete. By documenting the hiring process and retaining the relevant
documents for future reference, employers can sustain both legal compliance
and a smooth onboarding experience for new employees.
11. Compensation policy
A compensation policy defines how an organization structures employee pay.
It outlines different classifications, such as full-time, part-time, exempt, and
non-exempt employees, and explains how these classifications are
determined. Contents 
Including guidelines on supplemental workers—such as temporary
Just for you 
employees and contractors—can also be valuable, along with the approval
process for hiring them. This is especially relevant as the use of freelancers
and contractors continues to rise. According to Forbes Advisor, 35% of the
workforce now consists of independent workers.
The policy should also clarify how various pay components are determined, HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
including salaries, benefits, internal equity, overtime pay, bonuses, merit
increases, per diem, and hazard pay.
Ultimately, a well-defined compensation policy provides a structured
approach to employee pay, ensuring fairness, consistency, and transparency.
12. Workplace health and safety/injury reporting AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
policy
This type of policy defines the organization’s safety and emergency policies
and procedures, specifying any legal or safety regulations that may apply to
certain workplace hazards.
It should also establish the expectation that employees report all work-
related injuries or safety concerns promptly, ensuring a safe and compliant
work environment.
13. ADA reasonable accommodation
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) requires employers to provide
reasonable accommodations to ensure equal employment opportunities for
job applicants and employees with disabilities.
This policy should define what qualifies as a reasonable accommodation
under the law and outline the steps for requesting one. It should also explain
how the company reviews, approves, or denies requests, covering both hiring
processes and job duty adjustments.
14. Religious accommodation policy
Ensuring equal treatment in the workplace includes providing reasonable
religious accommodations when needed. Employees who require
adjustments due to their religious beliefs or practices should clearly
understand how to request them.
Under U.S. law, employees are entitled to request religious accommodation,
Contents 
and HR is responsible for reviewing these requests to determine if they are
reasonable and practical. The policy should outline the request process,
Just for you 
which may include submitting a formal request form, meeting with HR or a
supervisor, and providing any necessary documentation.
A clear religious accommodation policy helps create an inclusive workplace
while ensuring compliance with legal requirements.
HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
15. Discipline policies
A structured disciplinary process ensures fairness and consistency when
addressing employee misconduct. This policy should outline the levels of
disciplinary action, their duration, and the documentation required at each AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
stage.
It should also include clear procedures for notifying employees of disciplinary
actions and provide an appeals process, allowing employees to challenge
decisions they believe are unjust.
16. Dress code policy
A dress code policy sets expectations for workplace attire, whether requiring
specific uniforms or providing general guidelines on appropriate dress. These
standards may apply both on company premises and in external settings
where employees represent the organization.
The policy should be clear, respectful, and non-discriminatory, with flexibility
to accommodate religious and cultural differences.
17. Attendance and tardiness policy
This type of HR policy outlines the steps an employee should take when they
have an unscheduled or scheduled absence, as well as what to do if they are
running late for work. Outline expectations for reporting to work on time and
the notification process for tardiness or absence.
Proper attendance policies, with clearly defined consequences for excessive
unexcused absenteeism and tardiness, help employees understand the
importance of being present and making a contribution that ensures the
organization can function properly.
18. Time off/leave policies
Contents 
Employees need to understand how to request extended time off for various
Just for you 
reasons, such as personal leave, sick leave, FMLA leave, military leave, and
other absences. Not only does a comprehensive leave of absence policy aid in
preparation for the employee’s absence and designating it as the appropriate
type of leave, but it can also help reduce stress and uncertainty for
employees who may be dealing with difficult situations.
HR Generalist | Certificate
19. Bereavement leave policy
Program
Bereavement leave policies can be incorporated in your general leave policy
section or as a separate entry for compassionate leave. Be sure to define how
many bereavement days are available and provide a definition for “immediate
family member” or any other terms that are open to interpretation.
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
20. Meals and break periods policy
Creating transparency about meals and break periods ensures employees are
well-informed and can plan their workday efficiently.
Your policy should state the duration of meal and break periods and the
number of breaks an employee is entitled to. Having a formal policy is not
only good practice but also a legal obligation for some industries.
21. Nepotism policy
A nepotism policy prevents favoritism that can occur when family or personal
relationships exist in an organization. It can address the following:
A definition of nepotism and covered relationships (e.g.,
spouses/romantic, siblings, parents/children)
Potential conflicts of interest
Types of situations involving relatives that are permitted or prohibited
Process for hiring family members within the same department,
organization, or reporting structure
Consequences for violating the policy.
Nepotism policies typically forbid employees from directly supervising
someone with whom they are in a family or close personal relationship. This
reinforces a merit-based workplace where certain employees don’t receive
special treatment because of their personal connections.
22. Work authorization/immigration policy
Contents 
Employers must comply with laws governing employment eligibility. This
Just for you 
policy should outline the legal requirements for verifying employee identity
and work authorization, including how new hires provide evidence of their
eligibility.
In the U.S., employers are required to verify the work authorization of every
employee, regardless of whether they are U.S. citizens or not. This means
HR Generalist | Certificate
having a Form I-9 on file for every new hire and supporting documentation of Program
identity and work eligibility.
The policy may also address whether the organization sponsors foreign
worker visas and any responsibilities non-citizen employees have in
maintaining their status.
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
23. Equal Opportunity Employer policy
An equal opportunity employer policy confirms the company’s commitment
to complying with the U.S. federal laws enforced by the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission (EEOC), which prohibit discrimination against job
candidates or employees based on protected characteristics such as:
Race
Sex (including sexual orientation, pregnancy, and gender identity)
Age
Religion
Disability
National origin
Genetic information.
24. Electronic communications policy
The purpose of an electronic communications policy is to govern digital
interactions with electronic resources that are used within the organization to
protect sensitive information, maintain professionalism, and mitigate risks.
It should present expectations, acceptable practices, compliance
requirements, and security measures for using tools such as email, IM
programs, voice mail, confidential electronic records, etc. Clarify that the
organization has the right to monitor the use of any company property, which
includes computers, internet usage, etc.
25. Employee resource group policy Contents 
Just for you 
An employee resource group policy formalizes the purpose, structure, and
functions of employee resource groups (ERGs). It should outline:
How ERGs can be established
Their objectives and funding process
HR Generalist | Certificate
Membership and leadership criteria
Program
Restrictions on certain groups or causes.
Along with a company-wide policy, each ERG should have its own policy or
charter that covers areas such as its mission, membership requirements,
participation expectations, etc.
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
26. Generative AI policy
Generative AI, such as ChatGPT and other artificial intelligence chatbots, is
widely used in business operations and by employees to streamline their
duties. Although very helpful, these tools are not without their drawbacks and
risks. Each organization needs a proactive generative AI policy to ensure
internal accountability for ethical AI use and compliance with applicable laws.
This policy should include principles for the responsible use of generative AI,
including how privacy laws are at play, how systems will be monitored, and
how the data produced will be managed.
27. Termination policy
Ending an employment relationship can be complex. A comprehensive
termination policy is a key obligation for every organization. It structures the
process, maintains consistency, manages expectations, treats employees
fairly, and prevents conflict and legal complications.
The policy should describe the following:
Categories of employment termination (i.e., voluntary, involuntary,
contract expiration)
Required notice periods
Causes for involuntary termination
Steps in the termination process
Post-termination/offboarding procedures.
28. Employee sabbatical policy Contents 
Certain organizations offer employees extended time off with the assurance Just for you 
that they can return to their jobs. Employees take advantage of this sabbatical
leave to pursue academic study, travel, or focus on their personal lives.
Organizations that provide this benefit must have an employee sabbatical
policy to establish the rules.
HR Generalist | Certificate
The policy should contain the following elements: Program
Eligibility requirements
Clarification of whether pay and benefits are included
Minimum and maximum duration
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
Frequency and limits on the number of sabbaticals
Application and approval process
Conduct expectations during leave
Return-to-work procedures.
29. Code of conduct policy
A code of conduct policy outlines expected behaviors and ethical standards
for employees, ensuring professionalism, integrity, and compliance with
company values and legal requirements.
This policy typically covers professional behavior, confidentiality, conflicts of
interest, and compliance with laws. It also includes guidelines on anti-
discrimination, workplace integrity, appropriate use of company resources,
and dress code expectations.
Violations may result in disciplinary action, including warnings, suspension, or
termination. A well-defined code of conduct fosters accountability and a
positive work environment.
How to write an HR policy
You may be creating a list of HR policies to proactively guide and protect the
company and its employees or to address a specific issue. In either case,
developing clear, well-structured policies ensures consistency, compliance,
and effective problem-solving in the workplace.
Here are some best practices to keep in mind when drafting HR policies for
Contents 
employees:
1. Seek input: Engage with colleagues, managers, and other stakeholders Just for you 
for their insight into the work situations that the policy pertains to. This
will keep it relevant and realistic. You can even approach external
professionals for their advice on policy wording that has worked well
for their organizations. Don’t forget to thoroughly research updates to
any laws and regulations that govern a policy. (Be sure to get approval HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
from in-house or external legal counsel before finalizing any HR policy.)
2. Establish clear language: HR policies must be written in simple,
straightforward language to ensure all employees can understand
them. Ambiguous or overly complex wording can lead to confusion,
inconsistent interpretation, and potential legal risks. Clear
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
communication helps employees know what is expected of them,
promotes consistency in policy enforcement, and reduces the likelihood
of misunderstandings.
HR tip
Ensure command words in each policy convey the correct meaning. For
instance:
“Must” signals a required action.“Will” can have two meanings – a
mandatory action or a foreseen action.“Should” and “may” are not strong
commands. They indicate that someone may choose not to act.
3. Provide examples: Providing examples within policies can reinforce
consistency in interpretation and implementation. For example, if the
policy states that employees must take their vacation days within a
certain period of time, provide an example of what this might look like
in practice (e.g., “Employees must take their vacation time within 12
months of earning it.”)
4. Use resources: There are many resources to refer to when drafting
policies. Organizations such as the Society for Human Resources
(“SHRM”), Indeed, and LinkedIn contain helpful information, as well as
HR policy examples and templates. AIHR also offers an extensive library
of resources you can use as a starting point for writing HR policies.
5. Coordinate similar policies: Identify overlapping policies to ensure
consistency in language and enforcement. For example, sexual
harassment may be addressed in both discrimination and harassment
policies. Aligning the wording and requirements prevents Contents 
contradictions that could confuse employees, create enforcement
Just for you 
challenges, or lead to legal risks.
6. Allow flexibility: Policies are usually written in more general terms.
This means they can’t cover every possible scenario that could
potentially fall under the policy. This allows for some flexibility in policy
interpretation to accommodate extenuating circumstances. Questions
HR Generalist | Certificate
on interpreting a policy or identifying policy precedents should be
Program
directed to the Human Resources department.
7. Factor in the employee experience: Consider how policies impact
employees and whether they contribute to a positive work
environment. Policies should be fair, practical, and supportive of
employee wellbeing while balancing organizational needs.
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
HR tip
Simplify access to additional information by adding links to any web
pages or documents referenced in a policy.
Essential elements of an HR policy
The main components to include in HR policies are as follows:
1. Purpose: Explains why the policy is necessary and its intended
objectives.
2. Policy statement: Defines the organization’s stance or rules regarding
the subject.
3. Scope: Specifies who the policy applies to (e.g., all employees, specific
departments, full-time vs. part-time, etc.).
4. Actions and responsibilities: Outlines what is required of employees,
managers, HR, and other stakeholders.
5. Enforcement and consequences: Describes how the policy will be
enforced and the consequences of non-compliance.
6. Definitions: Clarifies any terms that may not be self-explanatory.
7. Policy owner: Identifies the person or department responsible for
enforcing and maintaining the policy.
8. Related procedures: Details any steps employees and management
must follow to comply with the policy. Contents 
9. Effective date: States when the policy goes into effect.
Just for you 
10. Review date: Indicates when the policy was last reviewed or updated.
11. Approval: Specifies who has authorized the policy.
12. Accessibility: Ensures employees can easily access policies, whether
through an employee handbook, intranet, or training sessions.
HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
A final word
HR policies are integral to an organization’s overall operations and HR
strategy. They provide the workforce with a roadmap for navigating
employment-related issues, opportunities, and challenges. They also help the
company mitigate risks and avoid legal challenges.
HR must be proactive in developing policies and updating them as needed
based on any changes in the law and the company initiatives and
environment.
Policies are only effective if employees are aware of them. It’s the company’s
responsibility to communicate and train the workforce on its policies. Then
employees understand what’s expected of them, what their rights are, and
how to navigate policy options and procedures.
Contents 
FAQ
Just for you 
What is the function of HR policies? 
What HR policies are required by law? 
What are core HR policies?  HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
Follow us on social media to stay up to date with the latest HR news and
trends
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
Andrea Boatman
Andrea Boatman is a former SHRM certified HR manager with a degree in English
who now enjoys combining the two as an HR writer. Her previous positions were
held with employers in the education, healthcare, and pension consulting
industries.
Andrea Towe
Andrea has 20+ years of human resources experience, including career coaching,
employee relations, talent acquisition, leadership development, employment
compliance, HR communications, training development and facilitation. She
consults and coaches individuals from diverse backgrounds, including recent
school graduates, union employees, management, executives, parents returning to
the workforce, and career changers. Andrea holds a B.A. degree in
communications and is certified facilitator of various HR training programs. She’s
worked in the utility, transportation, education, and medical industries.
Learn more
Related articles
GUIDES GUIDES GUIDES Contents 
Your 101 Guide [FREE] People
to Human Grievance Operations: 9 Just for you 
Resources Policy Key
Administration Template: Responsibilities
Develop A
Compliant,
Efficient Policy
Read more Read more Read more HR Generalist | Certificate
Program
New articles
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
GUIDES ARTICLES GUIDES
FREE Interview HR Generalist: [FREE]
Guide What They Do Reference
Template: and How To Check Form
Create a Become One Template and
Consistent Checklist
Interview
Process
Read more Read more Read more
Are you ready for the future of HR?
Learn modern and relevant HR skills, online
BROWSE COURSES ENROLL NOW
COURSES POPULAR
Full Academy Access People Analytics Certification
⭐⭐⭐⭐ HR Certifications Digital HR Certification
Members give us Recruitment HR Business Partner 2.0 Certification
4.66 out of 5 based on Digital HR Diversity & Inclusion Certification
11825 reviews
HR Analytics Organizational Development Certification
All Courses HR Manager Certification
   
Contents 
ENTERPRISE AIHR CONTACT
Just for you 
AIHR for Teams About Us Contact us
HR Capability Academy Platform Careers
HR Boot Camp Pricing & Features Legal Matters
HR Competency Navigator Blog
Cookie Policy
Get Team License Digital HR Blog
Terms & Conditions
HR Analytics Blog
Privacy Policy
HR Glossary Ma H na R ge G C e on n s e e r n a t list | Certificate
Program
HR Trends 2026
HR Competency Model
Accredited Education
AIHR © All rights reserved. – Read our legal stuff
AI In HR Cheat Sheet Collection
